CONTRIBUTING: describe hlint and how it's used (#6840)
jgm/pandoc: CONTRIBUTING.md

they had the expected result, and mention the Word/Powerpoint
version and OS in your commit comment.

Code style
----------

> Pandoc uses [hlint] to identify opportunities for code improvements,
> like redundant brackets, or pointing out unnecessary `Language`
> extensions. However, there sometimes are cases where there are good
> reasons to use code different from what hlint proposes. In these
> cases, the respective warning should be disabled in file
> `.hlint.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pandoc uses [hlint] to identify opportunities for code improvements
like redundant brackets or unnecessary `Language`
extensions. However, sometimes there are cases where there are good
reasons to use code different from what hlint proposes. In these
cases, the respective warning should be disabled in the file
`.hlint.yaml`.
```

Author: Thanks, updated!

There should be no errors when running `hlint .`; this is checked by
the continuous integration (CI) setup. It is recommended that
contributors check their code with a local hlint installation, but
relying on the CI is fine, too.

> A good way to ensure no new hints are triggered is to use a git
> [pre-commit hook], which runs hlint on all updated Haskell files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A good way to ensure no new warnings are introduced is to use a Git
[pre-commit hook] which runs hlint on all updated Haskell files
```

Author: Thanks!
